If you’re a Bounce Back Loan Scheme borrower and you’re coming to the end of your first year,
you may have concerns about your upcoming repayments.
To help businesses manage repayments, the Government has announced a variety of Pay As You Grow options
that could give you more time and flexibility to pay back your loan.
There are three Pay As You Grow options to consider.
One: request an extension of your loan term from six years to ten,
at the same fixed interest rate of 2.5%.
Two: take one six-month repayment holiday.
And three: reduce your monthly repayments for six months
by paying interest only.
You can do this up to three times throughout the term of your loan.
You can use these options individually or in combination with each other.
But please note for all three options that the total amount you owe will go up.
So, how do you access Pay As You Grow?
Your lender will get in touch to outline your Pay As You Grow options
three months before your repayments are due to start.
At which point, you can make a decision around which of these options
suit your business - if you need them.
If you want to learn more about managing debt and your cashflow,
the British Business Bank has a range of resources available,
including links to independent advice services.
Visit the British Business Bank Finance Hub to find out more.